so far both
but this looks like parliament session will continue to limit the spokesperson of erc
in Barcelona
he was next to him he played corocoro assumption
and we went to currency we went
because that good in something exciting for bonilla this happens to happened
because one day
Wednesday of last week afternoon with the motocross with the fat one of August
as the associate director of old has warned
photographer thanks to this finding the 'red cars' of 1 500 characters the
tube rolling until the last minute
if we decided on inside diameter
to that margin I think it was a great decision that I had left because because
colo colo was very important
zetes accompanied by authorities
ministers and parliamentarians psoe of all
political colors and we had at night
the rest of the users and / or colo colo was ordained priest important
to prevent to aggravate the tanda to the new law that tries to get back the
All-party support is granted when they looked very well rooted but this
does not give for more
espadrilles
the lawyer of álvarez
key factor for the day of the presentation of the film promises
cover payroll 3
If I have eight traditional bags on the left, it's fine on the sides
in the hall the Senate but
it produced the last assumption of wolf last August I say it again how and when
possible bankrupt the sticks gift that foreve the
because samán tried to doubt it with ages
now he did not have days and we should not forget 4
how good they predicted
the other besides valuing the game reach some agreement and severity of the
bullet wound and ceremony that has lasted one hour of the hour of thanking
united socialist worker neighborhood
ensures a good thing is opening football
that's the wonderful little wind and going on colo colo u asked my
tocayo player ibáñez teammate is paid to play or not
CD
Two of the firefighters are willing to dialogue
the spokesperson of the dncd
the fifteen-day recess firefighter
the debate will be in charge of the precise defense that is
well let's increase that hour a report that has made use of its
journalist who also debuted world number one last night
kyl has a style quite personally I will see now what is
angels
ccarccaria
seated
put tomorrow
I was reflecting on how old Roberto Gómez Bolaños was as he pursued
interpreting 'el chavo del 8 when I see how your news is that to say what
less
she seemed curious
although I related upoli hoops with water sports
com two appeared
recently interesting to be investigated
said then his life until the Ignatius of Moxos the place where if the
newspaper the natives played the ceri
altiplánico soccer with rubber ball which could only be
touched with the head by feet there is not nothing
I get paid for looking for strange things
what had an interview last agreed to who lives in the desert
I proposed it and because this issue had more to do with the opening party of
morning between bolivia and germany
we are here at 5 thousand meters wide
in a place
truly amazing
a group of American archaeologists found the remains of what was
an old soccer field
if it was occupied approximately four thousand years ago
the most surprising thing is enough
there at the top of the hill
there was the arc the local team
while here where I'm standing - the team tried the bow
visitor
we still have
coast is more surprising still
in this case the marks that they left
the community was called the ball at that time the ibiza campus
we found the footprint of a car used as it was told in that
time to kick the ball
from behind the others
in front of the thousand
phelps won the lines possible advances in white line
sun the remains of what was and the side path in that court
really amazing the amount of football material
ancient that this place exists
emera finish this incredible report we are going to show you
to recreate what is like the way a football match was played
for now the aggressor